---
title: "Happy 4th of July: Your neighbors are probably stupid"
thumbnailImagePosition: left
thumbnailImage: /img/coffee_cup.jpg
metaAlignment: center
coverMeta: out
date: 2020-07-06
categories:
-  daily
tags:
- daily
---

# Your neighbors probably aren't taking precautions

Every summer our neighbors a few doors down have a very large party with a band and fireworks.  In a normal year its whatever.  The band isn't bad, and it doesn't bother me at all. The fireworks didn't either until we had kids, but even they aren't that bad (though illegal in size best I can tell, also whatever).  But during the pandemic having a large party is unwise.  And as far as I know mass gatherings are still prohibited. No one is enforcing this unless you are a BLM protester it seems.

Now if COVID-19 was some fast acting plague that only affected the stupid people who went against the medical consensus, I would not care too much about a party. However, I can imagine millions of people had similar gatherings over the holiday cursing us all to an extended pandemic.  Families are suffering because of this ignorance in innumerable ways.  For those with loved ones in nursing homes, they can barely see them, much less meet with them up close.  Kids will have schooling delayed and be set back because in the fall the outbreak will be even greater.  And so on. All because people wanted to go to the beach, have their big summer party, or go to a bar. It's innane and stupid.  

It is a remarkable thing to see Americans so dumb.  I can only blame our anti-labor sentiments pushed by conservatives since forever.  And those policies were filtered and distilled into a culture of selfish consumption. Well guess what, its not sustainable.  We aren't alone in the world.  You can't simply have your new build house and live there unimpeded by world events.  You are always dependent and part of a community, whether you like it or not.  Modern technology and the requirements for so many people to exist are incomprehensibly complex for the individual.  We must blindly trust and rely on institutions we ignore every day.  Therefore, events affecting everyone are important. You cannot escape them, and we must put aside some selfish urges for the group. That means stop having a party for a year. Wear a mask.  Avoid going anywhere if you don't have to do so. It sucks, but it will be over faster if you comply. 